RHDEVDOCS-4271: Added a procedure to export an application in Add vie… (#49524)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-exporting-an-application-to-another-project-or-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * applications/creating_applications/odc-creating-applications-using-developer-perspective.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="odc-exporting-an-application-to-another-project-or-cluster_{context}"]

= Exporting an application to another project or cluster

As a developer, you can export your application in the ZIP file format. Based on your needs, import the exported application to another project in the same cluster or a different cluster by using the *Import YAML* option in the *+Add* view. This helps you to reuse your application resources and saves your time.

.Prerequisites

> You have installed the gitops-primer operator from the Operator Hub.

Reviewer: In the topology view, to enable the `Export application` button an application needs to be created. Can you add this point as well?

Author: Incorporated this point @debsmita1

.Procedure
. In the developer perspective, perform one of the following steps:
.. Navigate to the *+Add* view and click *Export application* in the *Application portability* tile.
.. Navigate to the *Topology* view and click *Export application* on the right side of the view.

. Click *OK* in the *Export Application* dialog box. A notification opens to confirm that the export of resources from your project has started.

. Optional steps that you might need to perform in the following scenarios:
+
* If you have started exporting an incorrect application, click  *Export application* -> *Cancel Export*.

> * If your export is paused and you want to restart it, click  *Export application* -> *Restart Export*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If your export is already in progress and you want to start a fresh export, click  *Export application* -> *Restart Export*.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * applications/creating_applications/odc-creating-applications-using-developer-perspective.adoc

> :_content-type: PROCEDURE

Author: @jc-berger, The same is mentioned here: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#module_anchor-and-file-names-concept

However, if your team does not include the module prefixes in file names followed by either a hyphen (-) or an underscore (_), include one of the following variables in each file before the anchor ID:

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY
:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:_content-type: CONCEPT
:_content-type: REFERENCE
:_content-type: SNIPPET

[id="odc-exporting-an-application-to-another-project-or-cluster_{context}"]

= Exporting an application to another project or cluster

As a developer, you can export your application in the ZIP file format. Based on your needs, import the exported application to another project in the same cluster or a different cluster by using the *Import YAML* option in the *+Add* view. This helps you to reuse your application resources and saves your time.

.Prerequisites
* You have installed the gitops-primer operator from the Operator Hub.

> * The *Export application* option is disabled in the *Topology* view even after installing the gitops-primer operator. To enable *Export application*, ensure that you have created an application in the *Topology* view.

Author: @jc-berger The suggestion: You have disabled the Export application option in the Topology view even after installing the gitops-primer operator. (The Export application option is automatically disabled, user does not do it manually).

will so some workaround.
